{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Smile Makeovers
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Cosmetic dentistry is one of the most cost-effective ways to improve your appearance. A beautiful, bright, healthy smile will increase self-confidence and overall life satisfaction. Cosmetic dentistry includes things like tooth-colored restorations, dental implants, and crowns. We have many options, so please call us today!
\fs22 \

\fs28 \

\b Implant Dentistry
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Dental implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth, improving chewing ability, eliminating bridges, and replacing dentures. Several implants may provide a base for a series of artificial teeth known as a fixed bridge. Implants can even be used to secure a full set of removable dentures for people who have no remaining natural teeth.
\b \

\b0 \

\b Family Care
\b0 \uc0\u8232 From toddlers to the elderly, our skilled dental team is familiar with the unique needs of every patient, no matter their age. Our goal is to help them develop great oral habits that will last them a lifetime. Join us today and discover how our practice can help treat your entire family.
\b \

\b0 \

\b Implant-Supported Dentures
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Do you wear dentures or have a mouthful of missing or failing teeth? Eat what you want again, smile, laugh, and look and feel years younger with All-on-4\'ae implant-supported dentures.
\b \

\b0 \

\b Porcelain Crowns & Bridges
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Protect and keep badly decayed or fractured teeth while maintaining a beautiful smile. Made to perfectly match the shape and shade of your other teeth, they\'92re durable, strong, and undetectable.\u8232 \u8232 Crowns should be placed before the tooth is so decayed that it may fracture. This can often help prevent the expense of root canal therapy in the future. If a tooth is too damaged to have a crown applied, a porcelain bridge may be a good alternative.
\b \

\b0 \

\b Cosmetic Dentures
\b0 \uc0\u8232 A well made denture is not only comfortable and functions properly; it also allows the wearer to smile with confidence, knowing that their smile is no different than it would be with natural teeth. \
\

\b Smile-Whitening
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Many everyday things like coffee, tea and wine can significantly dull teeth. Smile-whitening enables us to significantly brighten your smile for that dazzling white smile you deserve.
\b \

\b0 \

\b Veneers
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Veneers are very thin porcelain pieces that are custom made to adhere directly to the front of teeth without grinding or shaving. Transform your smile without drilling on your natural teeth!\u8232 \u8232 In the hands of a highly skilled dentist, porcelain laminates can provide you with an incredibly natural, beautiful smile. They are virtually undetectable and can dramatically improve your appearance. They are durable and long-lasting when compared to other cosmetic treatments.
\b \

\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Sedation Dentistry\

\b0 Sedation dentistry is an excellent treatment for patients with\
extensive dental needs, or who are concerned about anxiety, difficulty getting numb, or sensitive teeth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\
\
Digital X-Rays (or Digital Radiography)\
\

\b0 Our use of digital x-ray technology reduces your radiation exposure and eliminates the use of chemicals. It\'92s better for you and the environment.\
\
It's also easy for you to see what the doctor sees. Your digital x-ray can be seen on a computer screen located next to your dental chair. This helps you understand your needs and make informed choices about your treatment.}